Create 2026-06-22-incident.md (#64)
opengisch/qfieldcloud-status: content/issues/2026-06-22-incident.md

---
title: Degraded service
date: 2026-06-19 12:00:00
resolved: false
# resolvedWhen: 2026-06-09 10:10:00
# Possible severity levels: down, disrupted, notice
severity: notice
affected: # See systems in https://github.com/opengisch/qfieldcloud-status/blob/master/config.yml
  - app.qfield.cloud
section: issue
---

*Investigating*

> - [2026-06-22 12:00] We are experiencing problems with email delivery. We are trying to resolve it with out 3rd party email provider.

Reviewer: `s/with out/with our`

Reviewer 2: with our ~3rd party~ email provider

Reviewer 2: We are working on a resolution with our email provider.

Author: ```suggestion
- [2026-06-22 12:00] We are experiencing problems with email delivery. We are working on a resolution with our email provider.
```
